The group members: Emel, Yat, and Edward
Project: Portable thermal data logger

The group decided to use the TMP102 temperature sensor due to its availablity with corresponding example program.
We are learning that this sensor uses I2C communication, which is becoming popular for the different sensors.

At the start of defining the hardware platform we learned that we need to add LDO regulator for the USB support
to convert the 6VDC from 4 X AA battery to 5VDC. 

We are using the 4 X AA battery as the main power source (this is connected to Vin of MBED) and converting to 5VDC for the USB port (using LDO)
and 3.3V for the thermal sensor (3.3V coming from MBED Vout)

I personally learned that to be able to use the uVision I need to update the firmare of my MBED board.

Good learning so far in the initial stage of the project.

I encounterd some problem in updating the firmware of the MBED oard (need to be able to use the board with uvision 5.0).
THe bin file opens upp immediately when I am trying to upload this. Apparently, this is an issue with IE8/9.
I will need to right click at the selection and save the bin file with if extension to the MBED board. The board did update
the firmware after power cycling once the bin file was downloaded to the board.

We started to study some existing libraries of functions that the group can use the read the TMP102 valu thriugh the I2C
communication and to open a csv file, upload the temperature readings, close the csv file as it gets saved into the USB drive.   

Nov. 09- THe project is working properly and project size is 31KB so we can still use u Vision
I was able to use the logic analyzer to better undrstand the I2C signaing and the USB data transmission.
Also,I was able to use the debugger function of uVision particularly in being able to look at the disassembled file, the
register contents, stack, and also to do single stepping.

We then added LCD display to show the value of temperature being stored in USB drive and also changed the power source
from 4 X AA to 1 X 9VDC battery. We used the textLCD library and was able to make it to work. 

The system with 9VDC tend to not to last too long with its lower mAhr. capcity as compared to the 4X AA batteries. 

Also, project size is now 33KB (exceeds 32KB) so no choice  but to use the online MBED compiler.

Project is properly working with LCD display (16 X 2) and will be used for the class demo.

I made a video of the demo and available in my google drive for viewing:
https://drive.google.com/#folders/0BysRu65JD_l8czdZYVhJcUUtQzA

Here are my learnings:
1. Adding the LCD display helps a lot i debugging.
2. We used the fopen and fclose MBED API library to create and close a file. It is iportant to always close the file so as 
   not to lost the file content.
3. The logic analyzer has protocol analyzer that helped us to understand the I2C operation and read/write sequence and
  addressing. It also showed USB is much faster serial communication than I2C.
4. Doing the project really helped us to learn by implementing and applying the knowledge we learned from the class. 
